10
Ginseng
Perennial herbaceous plant of the aralia family. Distributed in the Far East, China, Korea. It is believed that ginseng lives up to 100 years. Ginseng has long been known as an aphrodisiac and a means to increase the tone of life, increase "vital energy". Ginseng root belongs to a group of adaptogens (remedies that facilitate the body's adaptation to various adverse effects), which have a fairly wide range of effects on the human body.
Eleutherococcus
Herbaceous plant of the aralia family. For years, the attention of scientists has been focused on Eleutherococcus due to its ability to protect cells from the negative effects of oxidative stress, anti-inflammatory action, the ability to prevent the development of cardiovascular disease and other diseases of civilization. Eleutherococcus, in contrast to ginseng, stimulates the immune system, is used as a tonic for asthenia, hypochondria, fatigue.
Mother-and-stepmother
Stepmother is a perennial herbaceous plant of the family Compositae, used as an herbal tea for infectious diseases of the respiratory tract, cough, sore throat and dandruff, colds and fevers. Some studies indicate the potential danger of plant components to liver cells, increasing the risk of blood clots, respectively, any use of mother-and-stepmother should be appropriate and controlled.
Sage
Sage is a fragrant plant belonging to the mint family, along with other well-known herbs and spices such as oregano, rosemary, basil and thyme.
Stinging nettle
The ancient Egyptians used nettle to treat arthritis and back pain, while Roman soldiers rubbed it to keep warm. The Latin name of the plant begins with the words "uro", which means "burn". Nettle leaves have "stings" with formic acid, which in contact with the skin cause irritation, itching and swelling. Dried, frozen or cooked nettles lose the ability to "sting".
Tarragon
Perennial grasses or semi-shrubs of the aster family, widespread in Europe, America, Africa. There are more than 100 different species of wormwood. Wormwood (Artemisia absinthium) is a traditional medicinal, food, essential oil and phytoncide plant. One of the bitterest plants in the world. Even a folk saying says, "Bitter as wormwood."
Echinacea
Echinacea is a genus of perennial herbaceous plants of the aster family. Echinacea purpurea is a plant with a beautiful purple flower with sharp long petals, which is traditionally used in folk medicine as an anti-inflammatory and immunostimulatory agent.
Yarrow
Perennial herbaceous plant up to 80 cm Rhizome thin, creeping, from it depart underground shoots. It has hemostatic, anti-inflammatory, bactericidal, anti-allergic effect, irritates taste receptors and enhances the secretory activity of the stomach, dilates the bile ducts and increases bile secretion. Stems with flowering tops and flowers of the plant are used as a medicine. For medical use, the plant is harvested in the first half of the flowering period, before the flower heads darken.
Bilberry
Blueberries are a source of nutrients and vitamins. Blueberries contain substances necessary for the body, such as lactic, citric, oxalic, succinic and malic acids. Blueberries contain macro - and micronutrients: manganese, potassium, iron, phosphorus, sulfur, copper, zinc; vitamins A, C, PP, B vitamins; essential oils, alcohols and tannins. The iron contained in the berry has the ability to be fully absorbed by the body.
Thyme
The plant has noticeable purple-red flowers, which are collected at the end of the branch in the form of a head. Blooms in June, the fruits begin to ripen in August. Thyme preparations have expectorant, antibacterial, antispasmodic and analgesic effects, have a calming effect on the central nervous system, stimulate the secretion of gastric juice. Thyme calms the nervous system, suppresses coccal microflora and pathogenic fungi. Improves the work of the pancreas, stimulates the digestive system, increases appetite. Has diaphoretic, antispasmodic, expectorant and anti-inflammatory action.